All right let's create these objects.
So we're going to start with the environment.
Of course we're going to follow the same order as how we implemented the different files here.
So we started by defining the environment in this whole class here with all the variables the parameters
and the tools.
And so now we are ready to get for real this environment by simply creating an object of this environment
class we built.
So let's do this.
We're going to call our environment.
And so this is a variable in and will be the environment object itself.
And to create it remember we simply need to call the class.
So what I am about right here is just the environment class with the arguments of the init method.
But this environment class we need to take it from the environment file.
This corresponds to environment that way.
So I'm copying this first to get Indeed this file and then run this file.
So here I'm specifying the frame with the dot from this file.
I'm going to get the environment class which has the capital.
And then now to be efficient.
Well what we're going to do you know to input all these parameters here which are the arguments of the
init method.
Well what we're going to do to do that in all efficiency is to copy paste all this.
And we'll just replace the default value.
So let's go back to our training implementation.
Let's base that inside the environment class and now it's just replaced by the right values.
So first we have to put the value for the optimal temperature argument and we specified the right people
value which is going to be the same one as we want to use for our environments.
We don't have to change anything here.
Then the initial month while same good news zero corresponds to January.
And we're going to start training from January.
However for the initial number of users we're not going to start with then we're going to start with
20 users and then for the initial rate of data Well we're not going to start with 60 that was just a
default value.
We're going to start with 30.
Again that's only some values we choose for our environment and it's not that important in terms of
AI.
Okay.
So done we have our environment object perfect.
Now let's build a brain let's build the brain again by simply creating an object of the brain class.
So the brain class would be able to hear and therefore let's again take all the parameters all the arguments
of the init method which are the learning rate and the number of actions.
Then let's go back to our training implementation.
And again let's introduce a new variable which will be our brain object.
So that's why I'm calling the brain this brain object.
We're going to create it by simply calling the brain less and the brain class we import it from the
brain by the NFL brain that we only have to specify brain.
So from the brain file we call the brain class and inside the brain class we base our arguments.
And so now we're going to be learning right.
So I try with several learning rates and we will actually need a pretty small learning rate.
That's with this one I got the best results so instead of taking up on 0 1 we're going to take off point
0 0 0 1.
All right.
Just like that so very small earning rate.
Again feel free to Chuen this moral by choosing some other learning rate.
I'm sure some of you will beat me with some better scores and some better energy even higher energy
savings.
And then for the last argument a number of actions.
Well indeed this is five.
But remember we want to generalize this implementation as much as possible.
And therefore if you want to try with a different number of actions Well you can just specify that variable
here which corresponds to this one here so that if you want to try with a different number of actions
this will be integrated dramatically perfect.
Now we have our brain.
And so lastly we're going to build the Cuban model by again simply creating an object of the class.
So that's exactly the same thing.
We first introduce a dequeue an object which will be created by simply going to dequeue and with capital
dequeue an end class which we import from the U.N. file and file so.
Well I don't really have to copy paste this detune file then indeed we're going to go to the U.N. class
which is this class here and to create an object we simply take the arguments of the method which are
these two arguments the maximum size of the memory and the discount factor.
So I'm going back to my training implementation and inside the parenthesis of the document class I'm
going to paste these two arguments.
And so now the question is what values are we going to implement.
Well you already know the answer.
Indeed when we set the parameters here we already chose a value for the maximum size of the memory which
is 3000.
But we're not going to copy paste 3000.
We're going to copy paste next memory because indeed we want to generalize this once again as much as
possible.
So perfect.
And then for the discount factor Well we can keep that default value that's perfectly fine for Ardit
U.N. model.
All right.
Perfect.
Now one final very quick and easy step to do which is to choose the mode.
And of course you know what to do here.
Right now we want to train our AAA or more precisely train the brain of our AI with all the right you
know weights of the neurons which aim to return the best actions to play in order to regulate the temperature
of the server.
So right now we have to choose the training mode and to do the training mode.
Well remember in our environment file while we have this train object variable.
So at some point in the training we'll said this train environment object variable to true but we're
not going to do that now.
So for what we're going to do is just introduce this new variable train which will be of course initialized
to true and later on we will set this train variable of our environment object to this value of the
variable train here.
All right perfect.
So exciting news we have all our objects and now we are ready to begin the full training.
This is exactly going to be the next code section we're about to implement.
And of course this is going to be a long section so get some good energy inspiration passion everything
and let's mesh this in the next couple of tutorials.
Until then enjoy AI.